Change R version to 3.5 (#2264)
PecanProject/pecan: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Moved docker files for models into model specific folder, for example Dockerfile for sipnet now is in models/sipnet/Dockerfile.

> - Changed R version in .travis.yml to 3.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated integration tests to use R 3.5 (was 3.4) when run on Travis CI 
```

Reviewer: Probably needs more context to be useful to the average changelog reader -- not everyone knows how Travis configs relate to the components they use every day (those lucky punks).

Author: Oh yeah true that! I'll add the explanation that c2d4u isn't needed to be explicit because it's implicit with R3.5 now.

Reviewer: Eh, I think that's the kind of detail that can live in the commit comments.

Reviewer: My principle here is that the changelog is for whats and whys that require users to change *what they do* with PEcAn. Changes like using c2d4u vs compiling packages during the build are -- mercifully! -- irrelevant even to someone installing PEcAn on a non-Travis machine, but the change in tested version is relevant because it's a de facto change in our claim of what versions of R  PEcAn is "known to work with".

Another possible phrasing:  "Integration tests on Travis CI now use R 3.5 (was previously 3.4). PEcAn itself can still use R 3.4, but may become harder to install as more dependencies update to require 3.5."

Author: Ah yeah I see what you mean.

Reviewer 2: I would almost state that at the top of the Changelog that we have moved from 3.4 to 3.5. Maybe add something like this at the top of this version changelog:
```
Automatic build are currently done using R version 3.5 and most development will be done with version 3.5 as well. It still might be possible to use R version 3.4 however we will not guarantee future compatibility with 3.4.
```
